Fix mini typos in docs (#958)
alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl: docs/src/glossary.md

## Basics

### hyperparameters

Parameters on which some learning algorithm depends, specified before
the algorithm is applied, and where learning is interpreted in the
broadest sense. For example, PCA feature reduction is a
"preprocessing" transformation "learning" a projection from training
data, governed by a dimension hyperparameter. Hyperparameters in our
sense may specify configuration (eg, number of parallel processes)
even when this does not affect the end-product of learning. (But we
exclude verbosity level.)

### model (object of abstract type `Model`)

Object collecting together hyperpameters of a single algorithm.  Models
are classified either as *supervised* or *unsupervised* models (eg,
"transformers"), with corresponding subtypes `Supervised <: Model` and
`Unsupervised <: Model`.

### fitresult (type generally defined outside of MLJ)

Also known as "learned" or "fitted" parameters, these are "weights",
"coefficients", or similar parameters learned by an algorithm, after
adopting the prescribed hyper-parameters. For example, decision trees
of a random forest, the coefficients and intercept of a linear model,

> or the rotation and projection matrices of the PCA reduction scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or the projection matrices of a PCA dimension reduction algorithm.
```

### operation

> Data-manipulating operations (methods) parameterized by some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data-manipulating operations (methods) dispatched on some
```

> fitresult. For supervised learners, the `predict`, `predict_mean`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fitresult`. For supervised learners, the `predict`, `predict_mean`,
```
